# TrustBuy01262017

As students at Conestoga College we have perceived a need for new students to have better access to second hand books and other items from students who are graduating. Normally students get this information from the bulletin board at the college or from popular online advertising services like Kijiji which is a subsidiary of eBay. New students face the following problems when they move to a different location or province or country that they are unfamiliar with like transportation, different culture, language and so many more. We thought a way to counteract that problem is by setting up a mobile application. To develop the application we are using Android Studio which is the integrated development environment (IDE) for an android platform and SQLite to store our database. The application will allow students to get information more quickly by viewing posted ads from other students within the Conestoga college community. Once this application is implemented it will have a huge impact on the student community.

The application will allow students to view and purchase ads posted by other students within the community. Like Kijiji it is an advertising service that all students can access at any time. It will allow students to sell or buy an item, put it in a watchlist or report an ad. Visitors and users alike can both browse for items although visitors will have to create an account and log in to buy the item. One advantage of the TrustBuy app is that students can download and install the app on their mobile device, rather than be rendered within a browser. Another advantage is that our app can be used across all android devices.
